all right oh there's a player up their
hair off see youtube oh I have failed oh
how did that off he's holding a gavel
I'm just holding together let's go yes
thanks all gold and gap ya got several
Gamble's yeah to go have you two heads
oh I see somebody ought team teaching
right here to right here hey point five
people Oh primal its Cote and primal
face fighting there's like three teams
here what the hell there's three
different people here in BO glasses so
and then cooked I play school for coitus
for the keys closest is are you feeling
Kody he's snowblind me yeah oh crap i'm
lagging so much shadow okay when I got
him oh right stuff right here right here
shot or five is it really a he or she
for dark I got the motor I've been shot
they have absorption wait no it's not on
right how the hell they do so much
damage to me right you run your app oh
well I'm just wasn't well I was typing i
see i see a great guy yeah that's the
guy that's okay though I shot him twice
at four hearts well I shot music is it
he said five he's healing he fell we got
Wow oh come steal team team team team
team yellow enchant oh that's so wats
cute the last yeah okay I just miss like
5 million Sean nice i hit when he's up
for he's healing or she you know I never
know did you think I'm all outstanding
all the ones gonna uh 230 and 130 and a
hundred well was all they just hit each
other careful Oh what just happened
Thanks it's sunny oh hey she's a 15 I
hit myself why am I definitely Africa oh
well Kel steel surface prep team team
team it's a no it's just a smidgen shot
him thumb okay Bess is max how it's my
phone yeah not a fire them you're not
Hannah okay i'm running go go go I home
he's at one-half higher I had my shot
okay stay back you're like a
back-to-back well come on oh nice I got
illegal there everyone we fall spin a
solid guy okay wait okay wait oh fuck I
got him it's a single Oh nope it's not a
solo that is a team there at a hundred
I've shot one I gotta go south go south
I shot another one if you fold back a
bit so I can but they're they're running
from me though they're running okay i
see i see it i don't not sure they have
those I shot them both he caught a
stuffed in unforgettable they're holding
gap no it's blue team yeah they're guys
gonna you're the one in the back so
I shot him nice 6.2 to watch his helpers
careful behind you yeah I know he's not
there yet so they can keep up keep in
mind that spigot takes a while to load
him so he could be pretty close you want
it now well come on I think he might
have equipped the gavel earlier I shot
him he's at 3p sock bun back over so oh
I didn't love it oh brother
actually no he was only thing that one
guy that games right here right here
right here he took out the armor healing
I took fall damage yeah pretty good I
might eat a head because I member now
mrs. Sexton yeah he's over here I'm like
cutting my mom sort of healing he's like
my home as well ya think i might get
ahead and go he ate ahead um he's trying
to rush me careful careful how don't go
inc awake awake of it oh I shot you
happy shopping yes to back to back which
work this is really going well I fell
understand help girl fights I got hot
after he was so lucky Wow yeah like that
the whole thing right there oh this guy
has some gear oh oh yeah hot okay that
lark right there right there here's
what's yet an ID but we haven't even hit
him yet how am i not hitting him there a
guy did every shot vicki was very
fucking mannequin crime and that was far
my macys doing stuff always holding a
gavel oh my mouth is healing and your
mouth everything is good what does he
he's just like running around
but my enemies at 75 also sugar I'm so
much healing it with another devil
oh oh yes don't don't really really get
here it takes man let's take a
screenshot from the left we definitely
you're talking to crimson I thought you
were like Christmas they're gonna lose
with your leg what the hell I have to
help you got it so bad at me away we're
sure about the family right god yes
cghub